---
layout: post
title: "Working with Advanced Docker Operations"
date: 2018-02-16T21:00-07:00
comments: true
categories:
- Docker
---

We all know, at this point, that Docker is the new hotness. Running
individual containers can help with development but doesn't do much
for us when it's time to deploy the application. There's where
orchestration comes in.

Docker Swarm is a great tool to use when you first get started with
orchestration. Swarm is built into Docker. There's no additional
software to install. You can learn more about running services in
Docker Swarm in my video course "[Dive into Orchestration with Docker
Swarm](https://www.packtpub.com/virtualization-and-cloud/dive-orchestration-docker-swarm-video)".

Sometimes, however, you need more power. That's where Kubernetes comes
in. In my new course "[Working with Advanced Docker
Operations](https://www.packtpub.com/virtualization-and-cloud/working-advanced-docker-operations-video)",
you get an introduction to running services in Kubernetes. You learn
how to create new services, connect to shared storage, and deploy load
balancers. It's worth it just for the introduction to Kubernetes.

Running services in Kubernetes is only the beginning. You also need to
be able to monitor those services. That's why this course shows you
how to setup Elasticsearch and Kibana to collect and view your
container logs. You'll also learn how to use Prometheus to gather
performance data and how to view it all with Grafana.

The next step to running services is to use continuous integration and
delivery to automatically build your Docker images and deploy your
services to Kubernetes. This automation makes it easier to quickly and
reliable deploy services. In "Working with Advanced Docker
Operations," you'll learn how to create those CI/CD pipelines with
GitLab.

Finally, I walk you through a number of use cases. You'll learn how to
use Docker to test MySQL database changes and backups. You learn how
to deploy Wordpress and MySQL and how to manage applications that use
a large number of dependencies. Finally, you'll learn how deploy
Jenkins in Kubernetes and automatically spin up new build agents on
demand.

You can check these and all of my Docker courses at [Packt
Publishing](https://www.packtpub.com/books/info/authors/randall-smith).
